---
title: Nancy's Girls
images: ['/img/comics/pg49_1.png', '/img/comics/pg49_2.png']
alt: Two page comic about Nancy and John Redcorn/Dale Gribble as a throuple of girls.  First page depicts my character designs for them, which is the same as their dude designs but they have boobs and Dale has a stringy ponytail.  Joanna Redcorn - Former Vixen roadie, Current new age healer, Future member of The Wiggles, Met Nancy 16 years ago while refilling her jeep.  Nancy Hicks-Gribble - Weather forecaster, sole breadwinner - Bottle blonde - Pays all the bills (except the cable bill).  Danica Gribble - Annual income of 13.68 - Sepnds 18 hours a day in the girl goon basement - Took a vow of celibacy 16 years ago.  Joseph is Joseph, and looks up in awe at Joanna.  Joanna looks nervously down at Joseph.
date: 2025-09-04
tags:
  - nancy's boys
  - koth
  - lesbian
---

Mom, why do you get TWO butches?

Joanna is named after one of the female disciples that saw Jesus Christ rise from the dead - much as John was one of the apostles.  Danica is named after a lady Nascar driver, because I associate the name Dale with a Nascar driver.  Joseph is Joseph.

Alt text for 2nd page: Second page has two panels.  Panel 1 "Don't make the mistake of thinking lesbian polyamory would fix them."  Danica is buried in Joanna's large boobs and mumbles 'mmph' while holding up a camcorder.  Joanna raised her hand to point at Nancy (who is leaving) and says "Nancy, we-".  Nancy leaves with Joseph and says "gotta take Joseph to school then get to work sugs.  Joseph looks sadly behind at the moms.  Panel 2 "Lesbian polyamory could RUIN THEM!!! Yippee!"  Nancy cries into her hands in the foreground.  Behind her, Joseph cries and says "Mom I ate rat poison that mom left out".  Danica is on "E-Gay" on the computer and typing, while saying "Can't pay the cable bill this month, Nance.  Spent it all on pee jars".  The pee jars are yellow on the desk with the keyboard.  Joanna is playing guitar and a horde of anonymous blobs are grabbing her with their grabby hands, she says "I have to look available, it's part of the job!".

I have a feeling that even though I put all my goon power into making John look super cute and sexy, people will comment on greasy girl Dale's thin hairs... this happened with my [girl Rusty Venture too](https://tempural.tumblr.com/post/732832281558908928/brock-and-rusty-genderbends-blake-samson-and)!  Hmm... Rusty Shackleford.. Rusty Venture... Yeah I guess this type of person has their share of yumes that love skinny white-faced crap dads...!  Valid...
